PROMPTS.MD, before:

Agent used: GPT-5 Copilot
Prompts: 
#Creating a page structure: 

using the index.html and styles.css files  inside the frontend folder, create a webpage that has an area for user input in the bottom middle area, and a area for output from an ai that will be structured as follows: 1. picture of book cover, book title and book link 2. book description underneath this 3. room for a list of 10 of these and the ability to scroll down if neccessary to view them. add a sidebar to the page to store past book reccomendations. make it compatible with cloudflare workers and durable objects. 

AI used to: create a basic framework for the
webpage

#Bugfixing
why is my website not showing up in the cloudflare pages deployment link. its returning a 404 error

Firefox can’t establish a connection to the server at wss://c6b4b4da.cf-ai-book-recommender.pages.dev/.

connect my worker.dev and my pages.dev so they work together

fix my websocket code

how to format a json string as normal text with no escape characters in javascript

debug all of my code and tell me why it isn't working correctly

the workflow function call isn't working

https://developers.cloudflare.com/workflows/ try looking at that and fix the workflow call here's my logs:

debug and only change the ai part of the code so that it returns correct output don't change anything else

I have an error in my workflow or index.html of the apiCall being returned to the client as a json object when I want it to be a string. according to the logs, the apicall from the ai is correctly returned

read my current code and fix the aiCall not being sent to the client correctly

what is a secure way for me to store the google books api key without exposing it to github

Create a readme.md based on my current codebase that explains the features of my website. 1. ask about a genre, type of book, or similiar book to get recommendations about that book. 2. the website will display 5 books with images of their titles, an ai description relating to the query, and a link to the google books page with the book. Include explanations of the backend architecture and instructions for local deployment. empathis on using workflows and durable objects to create the architecture
Note: readme edited after ai to fix mistakes and make it more accurate

Commit message:

add UI for ai output and fix query bugs add cards with book title, link and description add fixes to make api query output more accurate

PROMPTS.MD, after:

Agent used: GPT-5 Copilot
Prompts: 
#Creating a page structure: 

using the index.html and styles.css files  inside the frontend folder, create a webpage that has an area for user input in the bottom middle area, and a area for output from an ai that will be structured as follows: 1. picture of book cover, book title and book link 2. book description underneath this 3. room for a list of 10 of these and the ability to scroll down if neccessary to view them. add a sidebar to the page to store past book reccomendations. make it compatible with cloudflare workers and durable objects. 

AI used to: create a basic framework for the
webpage

# Bugfixing worker
why is my website not showing up in the cloudflare pages deployment link. its returning a 404 error

Firefox can’t establish a connection to the server at wss://c6b4b4da.cf-ai-book-recommender.pages.dev/.

connect my worker.dev and my pages.dev so they work together

fix my websocket code

how to format a json string as normal text with no escape characters in javascript

debug all of my code and tell me why it isn't working correctly

# debugging workflow file

the workflow function call isn't working

https://developers.cloudflare.com/workflows/ try looking at that and fix the workflow call here's my logs:

debug and only change the ai part of the code so that it returns correct output don't change anything else

I have an error in my workflow or index.html of the apiCall being returned to the client as a json object when I want it to be a string. according to the logs, the apicall from the ai is correctly returned

read my current code and fix the aiCall not being sent to the client correctly

what is a secure way for me to store the google books api key without exposing it to github

Create a readme.md based on my current codebase that explains the features of my website. 1. ask about a genre, type of book, or similiar book to get recommendations about that book. 2. the website will display 5 books with images of their titles, an ai description relating to the query, and a link to the google books page with the book. Include explanations of the backend architecture and instructions for local deployment. empathis on using workflows and durable objects to create the architecture
Note: readme edited after ai to fix mistakes and make it more accurate

# adding UI to the website and editing query
what do I do if the ai returns books that don't exist to the google api 

change it to skip unmatched books but add a message to the client that says: Error: ai tried to recommend a book that doesn't exist 

that can't be the whole problem because the if statement where it reads authors is skipped to else statement

change the api query to max 10 items and loop until you find a title that matches the query

can you change the query logic so it prioritizes an image, then the title, and falls back to normal if it can't find one or the other
